virt-xml-validate: add page (#9467)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/virt-xml-validate.md

# virt-xml-validate

> > Validate libvirt XML files against a schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Validate `libvirt` XML files against a schema.
```

> If a schema is not specified, the schema is determined by the root element in the XML file.
> More information: <https://libvirt.org/manpages/virt-xml-validate.html>.

> - Validate a XMl files against a specific schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Validate an XML file against a specific schema:
```
